Now inside our data table, I want to add, edit and delete buttons when we click the edit button.
It should take us to the absurd page, but this time it should populate the product details.
So how can we add that inside our data table on the data table related stuff will be in product DR Yes,
we were using simple columns right here.
We want to add one more column, so make sure your uncomment the text that we added before and then
you can add one more column here.
But this time we do not want a simple column.
We want to render some HTML like add buttons when we render, edit or delete button.
We will require the idea of the product, so data will be the idea of the product then, along with
which we have something called as render when you want to render some HTML content inside the data table.
Well, this will be a function where we go past the data.
So data here is nothing but the idea of the product that users select inside here.
We want to return some HTML.
I want to make it on my timeline, so I will use the sign that is below the tool sign and just above
the tap on keyboard.
With that, we can write multi-line like this.
So inside here, we want to create two buttons.
Let's go to the index view that we have inside areas +1.
We have the views category index view.
Right here we have these two buttons.
Let me copy that.
Go back to our product.
Yes.
And pasted right here.
When we are inside JavaScript, we cannot access the ESB controller and those tech helpers with it have
to write the extract manually to navigate to the absurd page.
So that is inside admin.
We have product and in there the action is absurd.
When we add --, we want to pass the IDE so we can add a question mark or it is equal to.
We can use the string interpolation and visual data.
Let me remove everything that we have and delete your safeties and go back and refresh and full effect.
You can see two buttons edit and delete.
When we click Edit here, you can see that you water at the bottom.
It is automatically appended.
So if we click it, it should take us to the absurd page and we have the idea and parameters so that
our render function is looking great.
When we are working with data table in the next video, let's make sure that when there is an ID in
the absurd, the data should be populated.